what the hell do you want from me [ __ ]
before we begin let me start by saying
that looks really know before I begin
let me start by saying blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah okay
turn it before I begin let me start by
saying oh then again a Halawa and inna
get stupid and [ __ ] and [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] full movies explain fall I'm jib
I'll die and I'd like to give a special
thank you to my first subscriber you
legit beer he says do sheer worse things
to pick up babies sister speaking of new
kid Dookie so Neal tries to pick up baby
even though he looks like he eats his
own bogus so Neal faster pick up baby
even though he looks like he easy huh
and then Johnny walks in and everybody
starts oh and and on because he's the
King the king of ding-a-ling I don't
know why the [ __ ] I sounded like Elvis
rotating over ding-a-ling such sacrifice
that's a lot of church sacrifice oh god
damn Church second such [ __ ]
sacrifice so baby breaks out her Gucci
clothes like all the other common got a
trash and done it and Donnie and Donnie
but where the [ __ ] did I get down it I
don't see a D in this sense so she's
hoping she homeys him so later Bobby
Bobby Bobby who the [ __ ] is Bobby
remember that rich lady Johnny
services for money she offers him her
she offered she offers him she offers
him you know how sometimes she won't get
her [ __ ] line right she offers him
her sugar that is money for their last
night together and he says no ho dis
just dis dis dis gift this but I didn't
think about how well you know you don't
want to just go around life by that
[ __ ] chocolate but he's so [ __ ] he
look like he's smelling the fart and I
was like well and George sniffing that
far but I hope you and your font will be
very happy together I can do this I can
fake laugh
I can make myself chuckle chuckle
chuckle so the result well now is like a
spit bubble so the resort owners such a
result owners and all [ __ ] up thunders
are coming Jim gonna have to shut the
[ __ ] up dumbass that's what I like when
Jim gets possessed Oh My yes - Yoda you
big cold out of dumbass B huh [ __ ] now
get the [ __ ] out of here
okay sound looks like he's picking up
four oh no it's kind of low god [ __ ]
damn it's cool and now I can just hold
on I'm ready for a ride let's relish to
get his rollercoaster going shut the
[ __ ] up [ __ ] before we begin let me
start by saying I I wasn't even look at
him maligns moving on because nothing
because nothing death in the afterlife
and the wrath of God and burning in hell
on the sharp end of Satan's pitfall
pitch pitch Pole what the [ __ ] is a
pitch park right now I feel like I'm
talking about photos here Don Altobello
follows him just in time to miss the
imminent being the imminent clucked the
M&M an imminent [ __ ] and by piece
I mean money
I mean murder dummy after Vincent gets
Michael out of the [ __ ] BJ the
not Tom Hagen lawyer visits the awesome
the Oshkosh and Connie and Vincent pray
for Michael while they discuss their
plan to whack Zaza [ __ ] you literacy
[ __ ] you words [ __ ] you suck jibs Colin
Kaepernick's
I can't do that
welcome to your new pope them we hereby
declare you John Pope John the [ __ ]
first or whatever we hear about the clay
you Pope John Paul the first and Pope
John Paul the first ain't taking no [ __ ]
would I say put Paul John I did I did
say folk falls on the first didn't know
I didn't even feel it
for movies explained for I'm Jim oh I'm
glad Coppola retired that's it that's
all that's it
that's all of it it's over goodbye I'm
done so vote Jeb's offering himself and
burning these tapes I might have to look
at this [ __ ] for the next fall [ __ ]
days I'm gonna lose my mind - the [ __ ]
fest [ __ ] but is the Godfather
Part three that's it that's it I'm done
I'm stopping the recording so good it's
over thank God